all right guys what is going on in today
we were saying what's on my ipod touch
4g let's get into it and all right guys
so starting off with the case I'm
rocking it is the blue case on the tips
and tricks video you can check that out
on my channel just click the little link
there and uh yeah it's just a thin case
I'm always on the move so it's good and
so the other Batman case which is also
in that video go check it out and so you
give us the case so turning it on I have
a Justin Muller wallpaper
it's the Batman one cuz that means
awesome and I just really love his work
and I just don't have a passcode on here
right now pesco it's not really
important to me so just Boop
there we go and so let's get into the
apps so let's get into the first row of
apps so on the first row of apps we have
messages just for you know communicating
with people
um the Bible cuz I'm Christian and it's
good to have it on the go I've calendar
which is really nice because it's got
like the month and all that calculator
which is really awesome because if you
flip it it has a scientific thing it's
really nice for school in the second row
we have this etc folder which has
Twitter but the app isn't supported on
Iowa six so I just have the link to the
website Google+ for my photos because
that's where I'm backed up on my tablet
and uh thumb puts up by the way if you
want to see it what's on my Android so
yeah am i becoming blocked out
revolution is this fun game where you
just try to well my hip blocks with the
circle thing it's really fun you should
check it out and then beach buggy blitz
it's not a great game with this hardware
it's it's really buggy but huh no pun
intended actually but uh yeah just don't
don't we'll try it out on other devices
but don't check it on this one looting
this row we have clash clans my name is
uh Bob on here if you want to check me
out I'm in a client I've seen my crank
but yeah if you're in class client to
you I'm talking about but uh yeah that's
really funny game you can build your
defenses and other things there's a
trivia crack I play that too much
anymore but I think I'm like level 51 or
something I don't know I just kinda got
boring
it's ro tuna is a app that you can use
to tune your guitar it's really cool cuz
I play guitar and it's really accurate
too
doesn't even matter if your mics good or
bad let's see headspace is a meditation
app I'm on it might sound weird but it
actually really calms down your brain
like you'll have less stress and things
the clock for setting timers reminders
pretty accurate but I hate how it only
lets you start at a minute it won't let
you do any seconds that's the only thing
that's terrible about that the clock
settings 3 change most everything app
store getting apps obviously camera
because I like having it handy so I can
just right hand it the main bar is
hangouts which I am a Google user so you
said on my tablet for communicating with
my friends and things so using it on
here is and it syncs perfectly so works
out for me mail for checking my mail
email live a couple emails and it works
great
Safari is browser I use on here Pandora
because it's like the only music app
that is uh supported on here that
doesn't need to iOS 7 or anything so
it's alright Pandora's ok I'll give it
some credit but I'm not a big fan of it
so uh let's go to the next page alright
so on the second page the next rows apps
is a speed test which is and that that
you can use to test your internet speed
which mine isn't doing great right now
but it's alright I'm 2048 it's a tile
game where you combine them I think most
of you know that game you just kind of
combine numbers and see the help think
of a number you can get and fun fact
this game was actually made on my
birthday in 2014 so at least on Android
it
but uh yeah I thought that was kind of
cool seeing some little print lets me
print from all my devices pretty much
cuz you just do it from Wi-Fi I can here
on this hand my tablet and FaceTime it's
just you know FaceTime is I mean if you
don't know what FaceTime is you're
living under a rock context where your
contacts are Maps Apple maps aren't that
great that's why I don't use them
keeping my second page camera stuffs cuz
I am into cameras I have it editor free
it's a little buggy um it's got ads and
stuff but it's free and then I'm going
to pinch I only need a couple clips and
it didn't work
lapse it is a time-lapse application so
you can do time lapses on here and um
voice memos is for I want to try to use
for voiceovers but I haven't really got
to do that yet like plug in my ear pods
YouTube captures to make youtube videos
on your device easily editing them and
stuff but this does a horrible camera so
I'm not gonna use it on here notes is
for taking notes obviously reminders for
lists I made photos tactus your photos
whether okay iTunes for music and movies
I don't really use all these that much
but I still have them here in case Game
Center don't ever use most like saved
progress and games music I used all my
music on Spotify but I can't use Spotify
in here which stinks but I don't know so
I don't have any music around here so
yeah
sucks magicJack is a thing for calling
so you can call straight from any of
your smart devices it's kind of cool
then the last page is just stuff I can
delete off the screen pretty much I did
never use videos stocks newsstand and
passbook and yeah I just never use those
and that's just my gym home page ona a
shortcut and that is pretty much it
and I almost forgot to tell you guys the
home screen
using I just move videos real quick to
give you a better view is an iOS 7
wallpaper um so you may know what took
you to burn a Mac mixing or a Dom
Esposito he's really cold he can check
him out um he uh while back he exported
all the wallpapers somehow from the
iPhone 5s of iOS 7 to actual picture so
I just downloaded it and now I have it
on here even though this is running iOS
6 so I think that's pretty cool and yeah
that's my home wallpaper alright guys
that is what is on my iPod Touch 4G and
I hope you enjoyed this video give it a
like because if you like it you like it
make sure subscribe for hopefully more
soon peace out guys